0x02. C - Functions, nested loops
(0. _putchar) A program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line. The program should return 0
(1. I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I cant fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game) A function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line. Prototype: void print_alphabet(void). You can only use _putchar twice in your code
3. islower. a function that checks for lowercase character. Returns 1 if c is lowercase. Returns 0 otherwise
4. isalpha. a function that checks for alphabetic character. Returns 1 if c is a letter, lowercase or uppercase. Returns 0 otherwise
5. Sign. a function that prints the sign of a number. Returns 1 and prints + if n is greater than zero. Returns 0 and prints 0 if n is zero. Returns -1 and prints - if n is less than zero
6. There is no such thing as absolute value in this world. You can only estimate what a thing is worth to you. a function that computes the absolute value of an integer
7. There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; its what we do with them thats important. a function that prints the last digit of a number. Returns the value of the last digit
7. There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; its what we do with them thats important. a function that prints the last digit of a number. Returns the value of the last digit.
8. Im federal agent Jack Bauer, and today is the longest day of my life. A function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
9. Learn your times table. a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0. Prototype: void times_table(void);
10. a + b. A function that adds two integers and returns the result. Prototype: int add(int, int);
11. 98 Battery Street, the OG. A function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line. Prototype: void print_to_98(int n);
12. The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself. A function that prints the n times table, starting with 0. Prototype: void print_times_table(int n);
13. Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women. If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line. You are allowed to use the standard library
14. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A. a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line. The numbers must be separated by comma, followed by a space , You are allowed to use the standard library
15. Even Liber Abbaci. Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line. You are allowed to use the standard library
